docs: concat clarification (#46851)
metabase/metabase: docs/questions/query-builder/expressions/concat.md

# Concat

`concat` concatenates data from two or more columns or values, and returns a string.

## Syntax

```
concat(value1, value2, ...)
```

`value1`, `value2` ... can be columns or values. Metabase will convert non-string columns into strings before concatenating their values.

### Example

| Expression                               | Result                   |
| ---------------------------------------- | ------------------------ |
| `concat("Vienna", "Austria")`            | `"ViennaAustria"`        |
| `concat("Vienna", " is in " ,"Austria")` | `"Vienna is in Austria"` |
| `concat([City], " is in " ,[Country])`   | `"Vienna is in Austria"` |

### Metabase will use unformatted values for non-string columns

> When you use non-string columns in `concat`, Metabase will not apply any of the [formatting](../../../data-modeling/formatting.md) you applied to the columns when converting them to text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use non-string columns in `concat`, Metabase will ignore any [formatting](../../../data-modeling/formatting.md) that you applied to the columns when converting the column to a string.
```

> For example, if you formatted a floating point number to display only the first two decimal digits in the table results, the results of `concat` would still include additional decimal digits (if any) found in the raw results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you formatted a number to display only the first two decimal digits in the table results, the results of `concat` would still include additional decimal digits (if any) found in the raw results.
```

Good example. Don't think we need to introduce the "floating point" concept here.

### Spreadsheets

> If our sample data is in a spreadsheet where "City" is in column A, and "Country" in column B, we can create a third column "Location" like this,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If our sample data is in a spreadsheet where "City" is in column A, and "Country" in column B, we can create a third column "Location" like this:
```

### Python

> Assuming the sample data is in a dataframe column called df,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming the sample data is in a dataframe column called `df`:
```
